# jobs @ moviepilot.com

Moviepilot is a site for movie fans to create and consume content around
the movies they love. We're a mobile first, social publishing company
with young enthusiastic teams in Venice, CA and Berlin, DE. We're
looking for talented people who love movies, entertainment and all
things internet, to join us.

To apply, send a short bio with any links to caspar+jobs@moviepilot.com.

## Senior Frontend Developer

We make a website called moviepilot.com using Ruby on Rails,
Backbone.js, Node.js, Express, Puppet, Redis, Memcached, nginx, Varnish,
MySQL, Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ and Neo4j .

We are looking for an experienced developer who enjoys using our
frontend stack, loves movies, doesn't mind our coffee eccentric team
members and is an all-round nice person. Weâ€™re a bunch of developers
from Brazil, Germany, Greece, Poland and UK, and we often sit in our
beautiful office directly at U-Stadtmitte in the center of Berlin.

Our current frontend stack includes: Node.js, Coffeescript, Express.js,
Jade, Stylus, Backbone.js, gulp.js, mocha and WebdriverIO.
Ability to produce mobile-first, scalable and fully tested code is
essential, in order to support our rapid growth.

A bit more about us: moviepilot is a website for movie fans to create
awesome content around the movies they love. The best content is
promoted everyday to a huge Facebook audience of 30M fans, producing
over 70 million visits. From fan theories, viral lists, to recent
trailers and breaking news, Moviepilot has grown to become the largest
multi channel publisher on Facebook, and the fastest growing movie site
in the world.

We are building the world's best place for fans to talk about movies.

## Senior Backend Developer

We make a website called moviepilot.com using Ruby on Rails,
Backbone.js, Node.js, Express, Puppet, Redis, Memcached, nginx, Varnish,
MySQL, Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ and Neo4j .

We are looking for a senior developer who enjoys using our backend
stack, loves movies, doesn't mind our coffee eccentric team members and
is an all-round nice person. We are a bunch of developers from Brazil,
Germany, Greece, Poland and UK, and we often sit in our beautiful office
directly at U-Stadtmitte in the center of Berlin.

We are looking for people with experience in implementing RESTful APIs,
to be consumed by modern JavaScript frameworks. Ability to produce
scalable and performant code is essential, in order to support our rapid
growth.
Experience in distributed systems (Hadoop, Cassandra), large scale data
processing and graph databases would be an advantage.

A bit more about us: moviepilot is a website for movie fans to create
awesome content around the movies they love. The best content is
promoted everyday to a huge Facebook audience of 30M fans, producing
over 70 million visits. From fan theories, viral lists, to recent
trailers and breaking news, Moviepilot has grown to become the largest
multi channel publisher on Facebook, and the fastest growing movie site
in the world.

We are building the world's best place for fans to talk about movies.

# How to contact us

To apply, send a short bio with any links to caspar+jobs@moviepilot.com.
